Hotree form is written in React.js. It allows you to add a event to the database. Form uses simple, real-time validation to handle validation errors. App was divided to simple components, which was styled using styled-components.

Transmission of props between component on the different levels of Virtual DOM tree was implemented using Context API. Event properties are located in App.js state. They are set by context API methods.

Main components, which can make a single view in application was placed in components folder. The structure of form was places in FormEvent.jsx file, but logic of the form was divided to small particles and placed in 3 other places. Form is made using 3 components placed in FormElement.jsx. Due to the expanded logic of inputs, they are divided to many components placed in EventDetails, EventCoordinator and EventDate folders. All the inputs are controlled to get better control of the state of application. Validation logic is placed in corresponding files, but all the form is validated again in the App component. Props are transmitted using context API to avoid rerendering components. Date and time validation was made using regular expressions. Main CSS styles was placed in .js files, in contrast to components, which are places in .jsx files. Names of components coressponds to names of the inputs which are inside of them. Context API are used as HOC and its logic was placed in context folder. Due to the complicated styling of select elements, oryginal select was replaced by div elements and the dropdown list of options was made using ul + li elements.

To run app enter "npm i" or "yarn install" to the terminal and after installation of dependencies, enter "npm start" to run it (app will be run on http://localhost:3000).
